Allow docker.yml action to run within developer fork. (#654)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: DEV_GUIDE.md

The output will be in `target/html/master.html`. 

## Using the GitHub CI workflows against a fork

> All CI [workflows](.github/workflows) defined within  will execute against your fork, apart from [docker workflow](.github/workflows/docker.yml).

Reviewer: nit: I wonder if thats too strong a statement. 

```suggestion
All CI [workflows](.github/workflows) defined by the project are expected to execute within the context of a fork, apart from [docker workflow](.github/workflows/docker.yml).
```

> To enable the docker worklflow, you need to configure two repository [variables](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/variables)
> and one respository [secret](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable the docker workflow, you need to configure two repository [variables](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/variables)
and one repository [secret](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions).
```

> * `QUAY_ORG` variable - your Quay organisation.

Reviewer: Is it worth giving an example or outlining what this represents?

e.g. 
```suggestion
* `QUAY_ORG` variable - your Quay organisation. Will be used to construct the addresses used for pushing and pulling images.
```

Reviewer: Oh I see you do that further down. Feel free to ignore...

> * `QUAY_USER` variable - your Quay username (or robot account).

Reviewer: We should probably default to assuming robot accounts as a hint to better security practice by default.

Author: docker.io doesn't have the same robot account concept as quay.io.  Instead it lets you generate access token(s) that are used in place of your password together with your regular username.

https://hub.docker.com/settings/security

* `QUAY_TOKEN` secret - the token that corresponds to `QUAY_USER`.

> The workflow will push to `${QUAY_ORG}/kroxylicious-developer` so ensure that the Quay user has sufficient privileges. 

Reviewer: Not strictly part of this PR but should we also include some hints about registering for a free Quay account? We probably can't get away with assuming everyone already has one...

Author: I can add that near the prerequisites section. 

Probably best not to assume Quay.io. User could use docker.io or ghcr or something else.

With that in mind, I think to rejig the variables/secret to use container registry neutral language

* `QUAY_USER` -> `REGISTRY_USERNAME` 
* `QUAY_TOKEN` -> `REGISTRY_TOKEN`
* `QUAY_ORG` -> `REGISTRY_DESTINATION` (quay.io/kroxylicious/kroxylicious-developer) (
* REGISTRY_SERVER eg. docker.io or quay.io

justification for names:

1. both `docker login` and `podman login` CLIs use the term `username` rather than `user`
2. podman push CLI  term uses term `destination`   (docker push uses `name` but that too general)
3. podman login uses term `server` docker login uses the term `registry`.  

How's that sound?

Reviewer: Yeah that sounds very reasonable

Author: @SamBarker I made that change.   could you re-review please  I'd like to refactor the container registry interaction in `/scripts/run-with-strimzi.sh`  etc to follow the same pattern, but this is better in a separate PR.
